This file contains the final advanced features implemented in our Mini Amazon project for CS 316.
These features will be noted as either required or additonal/extra features that go beyond the project requirements.

Team members: Jerry Xin, Shirley Wang, Henry Huynh, Jachin Friday, Chris Cameron
Team name: Pink Parrots

REQUIRED FEATURES: 
1. Account registry for users with email, password, user name, and password
2. Account registry for sellers
3. Account balance
4. Method to withdraw from balance
5. Method to add to balance
6. User purchase search
7. Display purchase details by row
8. Products with name, description, price, and image
9. Product search
10. Display products with a summary for each product
11. User cart that lists quantities, unit prices, and total prices
12. Inventories and balances update at the time of order submission
13. Cart contents remain after user log off
14. Order page with final prices
15. Method that marks the order as fulfilled when all the individual orders in the order are fulfilled
16. Method to add product to inventory for sellers
17. Search for orders that are fulfilled or to be fulfilled
18. Method where sellers can mark orders as fulfilled
19. Users can submit reviews for products
20. Users cannot add more than one review for a single product
21. Users can delete their product reviews
22. Users can submit reviews for sellers
23. Users cannot add more than one review for a single seller
24. Users can delete their seller reviews
25. Users can see a list of all their own reviews
26. User can select from list to update reviews
27. Sellers can see summary ratings for themselves that includes average and number of ratings
28. Summary ratings for products (includes average and number of ratings)


EXTRA FEATURES:

1. Button to set balance to a specific value(as opposed to add/subtract balance) 
    -restrictions implemented: cannot set balance to negative number

2. Ability to search Purchase History Summary
3. Ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search
4. Ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Price Descending, cross compatible with search
5. Cross compatibility between ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Most Recent and search

6. Button to be able to gift balance to another user, requires user to input other user’s uid and gift amount.
	-restrictions implemented: cannot give negative amount, and cannot give more than the current user’s account balance

7. Ability to search All Product Reviews
8. Ability to filter All Product Reviews by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search
9. Ability to filter All Product Reviews by Price Descending, cross compatible with search
10. Cross compatibility between ability to filter All Product Reviews by Most Recent and search

11. Ability to search All Seller Reviews
12. Ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search
13. Ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Price Descending, cross compatible with search
14. Cross compatibility between ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Most Recent and search

15. Ability to search Detailed Order Page
16. Ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search
17. Ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Price Descending, cross compatible with search
18. Cross compatibility between ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Most Recent and search

19. Ability to search Inventory Page
20. Ability to filter Inventory Page by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search
21. Ability to filter Inventory Page by Price Descending, cross compatible with search

22. Ability to filter Product Page by Price Range, cross compatible with all other filters
23. Ability to filter Product Page by Average Rating, cross compatible with all other filters
24. Ability to filter Product Page by Categories, cross compatible with all other filters
25. Added start depiction of ratings for each product
26. Added a wishlist that is cross compatible to user and and cart pages and functions
27. Added a button to reorder past orders in Detailed Order Page.



